[
  {
    "number": 175,
    "title": " Discord Invite Link Expired on Rustcrab.",
    "created_at": "2024-10-06T09:53:46Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-10-06T10:02:17Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/175",
    "body": null,
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/175/comments",
    "author": "mohitjoping",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-10-06T10:02:17Z",
        "body": "I created an issue to remove the discord link"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 125,
    "title": "[FEATURE] create a component for Search functionality instead using same code for all page/section",
    "created_at": "2024-07-16T15:19:32Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-12-18T08:29:11Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/125",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nCreate a component for a search filter. It should be reusable for every page.\r\n",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/125/comments",
    "author": "devvsakib",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-07-16T15:19:55Z",
        "body": "I will work on it. Assign me please"
      },
      {
        "user": "Juhaszky",
        "created_at": "2024-07-31T04:46:10Z",
        "body": "Dear @FrancescoXX !\r\nI would like to work on this issue. I was not able to assign it to myself.\r\nCould you help me with that?\r\nBest regards,\r\nJuhaszky"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-08-01T16:45:30Z",
        "body": "hey @devvsakib , I am assigning this to you while live lol"
      },
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-08-01T16:48:18Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX  Just turned off my pc few min agoðŸ‘€ "
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-10-01T17:31:04Z",
        "body": "@devvsakib do you still want to work on this?"
      },
      {
        "user": "timmy471",
        "created_at": "2024-10-22T08:18:10Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX, I would like to work on this if its still available. Please assign to me"
      },
      {
        "user": "timmy471",
        "created_at": "2024-11-06T09:31:00Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX "
      },
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-11-06T10:35:49Z",
        "body": "@timmy471 you can work on this"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 106,
    "title": "[FEATURE] add code of conduct",
    "created_at": "2024-07-14T21:19:15Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-15T02:56:20Z",
    "labels": [
      "good first issue"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/106",
    "body": "Add code of conduct",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/106/comments",
    "author": "FrancescoXX",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "saivinaygondrala",
        "created_at": "2024-07-15T01:55:42Z",
        "body": "Can i work on it @FrancescoXX "
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-15T02:56:20Z",
        "body": "closed by #108 "
      },
      {
        "user": "saivinaygondrala",
        "created_at": "2024-07-15T03:20:19Z",
        "body": "Hey @FrancescoXX do we have any support mail? In the Code of Conduct we have to include it. For now i left it as [INSERT CONTACT METHOD]."
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 87,
    "title": "[BUG] The Nav disappeared while navigating to the See more options.",
    "created_at": "2024-07-14T12:37:09Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-14T13:12:28Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/87",
    "body": "**The Nav should stay at his position while navigating to any place**\r\n\r\nIf you want you can assign me to fix this small bug",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/87/comments",
    "author": "felixoder",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T13:09:57Z",
        "body": "there's already an issue #70 "
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 74,
    "title": "[FEATURE] Create a component for cards",
    "created_at": "2024-07-14T11:44:29Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-14T12:42:23Z",
    "labels": [
      "enhancement"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/74",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nWe should create a reusable card component that can be used for various items like books, tools, etc., You can then use this Card component to create specific components like BookCard, ToolCard, etc.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/74/comments",
    "author": "devvsakib",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T11:44:33Z",
        "body": "\r\nI will work on it"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T12:30:06Z",
        "body": "this is a good idea.\r\n\r\nanyway, we don't want to be tied 100% toa  single component, because the logic and the field inside each card might differ *for people we might need different fields compared to book, for example\r\n\r\nbut we should feinitively work on something consistent\r\n\r\nI am honestly kinda happy for how it looks so far, just a few inconsistencies, but we are using very simple layouts"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 58,
    "title": "[DOCS] Update Contributing file",
    "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:08:32Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-13T20:28:01Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/58",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nUpdate the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file to include detailed guidelines for new contributors. The current contributing file lacks proper guidelines, leading to contributors making PRs without assigning issues to themselves and other procedural oversights.\r\n\r\n**Expected Behavior**\r\n\r\nWhat should happen?\r\n\r\n**Actual Behavior**\r\n\r\nWhat happens instead?\r\n\r\n**Screenshots (if applicable)**\r\n\r\nAdd screenshots or other media to help explain the issue.\r\n\r\n**Additional Information**\r\n\r\nAdd any other context or information about the issue here.\r\n",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/58/comments",
    "author": "devvsakib",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:08:56Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX I will working on it, assign this issue to me\r\n"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:17:07Z",
        "body": "Thank you @devvsakib "
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 48,
    "title": "[FEATURE] Add Shadcn UI Support",
    "created_at": "2024-07-13T14:07:15Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-13T19:16:45Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/48",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nWe aim to integrate Shadcn UI into our project to enhance the UI components with a modern and consistent design. This will involve setting up Shadcn UI and refactoring existing components to use Shadcn UI where applicable.\r\n\r\n**Expected Behavior**\r\n\r\n- Shadcn UI should be installed and configured correctly within the project.\r\n- Existing UI components should be refactored to use Shadcn UI components where appropriate.\r\n- The overall design should be consistent and improved, leveraging Shadcn UI's features.\r\n- Dark and light mode compatibility should be maintained.\r\n\r\n**Actual Behavior**\r\n\r\nCurrently, we are using plain Tailwind CSS, which requires additional classes and dark mode classes in each component, resulting in a lot of redundant code. This issue can be addressed by integrating Shadcn UI.\r\n\r\n**Additional Information**\r\n\r\n- Ensure that the integration does not break any existing functionalities.\r\n- Update documentation to reflect the usage of Shadcn UI components.\r\n- Conduct thorough testing to verify that all refactored components work as expected.\r\n- Provide a style guide or reference for developers to follow when using Shadcn UI in future developments.",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/48/comments",
    "author": "soham901",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "soham901",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T14:07:59Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX "
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T14:22:11Z",
        "body": "hey @soham901 , we are putting this on hold because I want to create a design team first, we all have different visions\r\n\r\nBut if you want, you can create a PR to show how it will look like"
      },
      {
        "user": "soham901",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T15:17:19Z",
        "body": "> hey @soham901 , we are putting this on hold because I want to create a design team first, we all have different visions\n> \n> But if you want, you can create a PR to show how it will look like\n\nOkay then let's go with the existing solution"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:16:45Z",
        "body": "closing this for now. IF you want, you can open a discussion about the UI"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 46,
    "title": "ADD Cookie-control and consent for users",
    "created_at": "2024-07-13T13:27:35Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-13T20:38:30Z",
    "labels": [],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/46",
    "body": "ADD Cookie and consent for users\r\n\r\na simple, functional banner works for now",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/46/comments",
    "author": "FrancescoXX",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "devvsakib",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T16:04:52Z",
        "body": "Let me work on this issue @FrancescoXX ðŸ‘‹"
      },
      {
        "user": "Piyush-Kumar-Ghosh",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T17:40:00Z",
        "body": "Hi @FrancescoXX ,\r\n\r\nI wanted to let you know that I've completed the implementation of the cookie consent banner. \r\nCould you please review it and let me know your thoughts?"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:15:58Z",
        "body": "assigned this to @devvsakib , he asked for this first\r\n\r\n@Piyush-Kumar-Ghosh thanks for your PR, but pelase don't work on something before you get assigned to it"
      },
      {
        "user": "G0HAN3",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T19:19:02Z",
        "body": "Hey @FrancescoXX  can u assign me this issue."
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T13:11:14Z",
        "body": "@G0HAN3 it's already done. heck it and prepose changes if you want to make an improved version"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 25,
    "title": "[FEATURE] Add Docker and Compose support ",
    "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:04:30Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-15T02:55:16Z",
    "labels": [
      "enhancement"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/25",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nDockerize the repo and also add compose support for the local development.",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/25/comments",
    "author": "Pradumnasaraf",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:22:16Z",
        "body": "maybe we just need the local dev. Do we really need it for a next js project?"
      },
      {
        "user": "Pradumnasaraf",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:25:30Z",
        "body": "> maybe we just need the local dev. Do we really need it for a next js project?\n\nYes, I think so. It will help people who are not familiar Next.js to contribute.\n"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:36:25Z",
        "body": "great, do you want to be assigned to this? @Pradumnasaraf "
      },
      {
        "user": "shravankumar8",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:37:04Z",
        "body": "cool ! fran assign this to  me\r\ni can start working on this\r\n"
      },
      {
        "user": "shravankumar8",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:39:28Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX \r\n"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:40:31Z",
        "body": "great"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-15T02:55:23Z",
        "body": "#27"
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 24,
    "title": "[FEATURE] Add GitHub Action to check for linting",
    "created_at": "2024-07-12T17:00:53Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-10-01T17:35:42Z",
    "labels": [
      "enhancement",
      "stale"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/24",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nAutomate the process to check PR errors and Linting with the help of GitHub Action.",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/24/comments",
    "author": "Pradumnasaraf",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "prathmesh0125",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T07:07:27Z",
        "body": "i did this"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T12:14:30Z",
        "body": "I will check this @prathmesh0125 , ty"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T18:22:32Z",
        "body": "@DhairyaMajmudar , I merged but it's really slowing down the process of merging, it takes 5-10 minutes every time. any way to make it quicker or remove some parts? IT sems an overhead in this phase of the project"
      },
      {
        "user": "DhairyaMajmudar",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T18:28:23Z",
        "body": "> @DhairyaMajmudar , I merged but it's really slowing down the process of merging, it takes 5-10 minutes every time. any way to make it quicker or remove some parts? IT sems an overhead in this phase of the project\r\n\r\nI see this might be happening due to post caching part lemme remove it from the workflow"
      },
      {
        "user": "github-actions[bot]",
        "created_at": "2024-08-18T00:01:03Z",
        "body": "Hello! :wave: \n\nThis issue has been automatically marked as stale due to inactivity :sleeping:\n\nIt will be closed in 180 days if no further activity occurs. To keep it active, please add a comment with more details."
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 23,
    "title": "[OTHER] Add a PR template ",
    "created_at": "2024-07-12T16:59:11Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-14T03:09:30Z",
    "labels": [
      "good first issue"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/23",
    "body": "**Description**\r\n\r\nAdd a PR with the required details.",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/23/comments",
    "author": "Pradumnasaraf",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-14T03:09:30Z",
        "body": "done by #29 "
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    "number": 3,
    "title": "Add sections",
    "created_at": "2024-07-11T12:38:33Z",
    "closed_at": "2024-07-13T20:44:45Z",
    "labels": [
      "enhancement"
    ],
    "url": "https://github.com/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/3",
    "body": "We need to add new sections:\r\n\r\n- courses\r\n- books\r\n- dev tools\r\n- relevant people in the rust ecosystem\r\n\r\nEach of the sections should have a dedicated page and \r\n\r\nfor the easy updates, we can create a JSON file and read it in the specific component.\r\n\r\nWe still need the logic for this",
    "comments_url": "https://api.github.com/repos/FrancescoXX/rustcrab/issues/3/comments",
    "author": "FrancescoXX",
    "comments": [
      {
        "user": "Vijaykv5",
        "created_at": "2024-07-11T14:08:40Z",
        "body": "@FrancescoXX How are we trying to have these sections?\r\ndoes it can be styled like cards in the homepage or have them in navbar that would link them to separate page?"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-11T17:40:30Z",
        "body": "for now I'd like to have a simple navbar. do you want to create an issue and work on a simple dummy navbar? @Vijaykv5 "
      },
      {
        "user": "Vijaykv5",
        "created_at": "2024-07-11T17:45:05Z",
        "body": "Cool.\r\nI'll just add a draft PR"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T11:56:17Z",
        "body": "nice, let's keep it supersimple for now, just some cards and maybe the logic of how these templates might work (maybe fetching a local json in a folder"
      },
      {
        "user": "FrancescoXX",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T14:24:52Z",
        "body": "@Vijaykv5 we have a temp section for dev tools already and I think it's well written\r\n\r\nSo for now let's close this And let's create ne issues"
      },
      {
        "user": "Vijaykv5",
        "created_at": "2024-07-13T14:28:09Z",
        "body": "Sure @FrancescoXX "
      }
    ]
  }
]